Tags from actor props goes into MDC (#27856)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/logging.md

:  @@snip [LoggingDocExamples.java](/akka-actor-typed-tests/src/test/java/jdocs/akka/typed/LoggingDocExamples.java) { #logMessages }

## MDC

[MDC](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/mdc.html) allows for adding additional context dependent attributes to log entries.
Out of the box Akka will place the path of the actor in the the MDC attribute `akkaSource`.

One or more tags can also be added to the MDC using the `ActorTags` props. The tags will be rendered as a comma separated

> list and be put in the MDC attribute `akkaTags`. This can be used to categorize log entries from a set of different actors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list and be put in the MDC attribute `akkaTags`. This can be used to categorize log entries based on a set of different actors
```

> to allow easier filtering of logs:

Reviewer: 👍

Scala
:  @@snip [LoggingDocExamples.scala](/akka-actor-typed-tests/src/test/scala/docs/akka/typed/LoggingDocExamples.scala) { #tags }

Java
:  @@snip [LoggingDocExamples.java](/akka-actor-typed-tests/src/test/java/jdocs/akka/typed/LoggingDocExamples.java) { #tags }

> In addition to these two built in MDC attributes you can als decorate a `Behavior` with `Behaviors.withMdc` or 

Reviewer 2: typo als
